This is the README file for version 3.05 of FElt  - a package for
introductory level finite element analysis.

See the file README.old for a basic descriptions of previous versions of FElt
and what it's all about.  See the file CHANGELOG for a detailed list of
what's new/fixed in this release.  This is basically a bug fix release - 
there are some new features and some minor improvements to the features
that were new in 3.02 but hadn't been finished.  Some of them still
aren't finished.  There's nothing new on the nonlinear analysis front
for example.  The documentation (felt-3.05.ps.gz) has been marginally
brought up to date.  No new content really, but some old, now irrelevant,
stuff has been removed.  There are now very brief descriptions of 
the previously undocumented elements: axisymmetric, rod, and ctg.

The biggest change is the dropping of Geompack in favor of Triangle
for triangular mesh generation.  Triangle is a bit easier to use and
seems to be bit more reliable for our purposes.  Accordingly the
corduroy syntax for triangles has changed.  On the list of most annoying
bugs that are finally fixed is the requirement of 8-bit color depths
for contour plots; 16-, 24-, 32-bpp should all work now.  Let us know
if that's not the case.

In other news, we've moved project management over to SourceForge.  This 
includes ftp, web, and mailing lists:

FTP:           felt.sourceforge.net/pub/FElt
WWW:           http://felt.sourceforge.net
Mailing lists: http://lists.sourceforge.net/mailmain/listinfo/felt-announce  
               http://lists.sourceforge.net/mailmain/listinfo/felt-users

As usual, we would like to stress that feedback is always appreciated ... we
welcome all comments as to usability and functionality.  If you're using the
package please drop us a note and let us know what you think, even if you've
got no complaints whatsoever.  Mail bug reports, comments, hints, suggestion,
complaints, etc. to one of us at the email addresses below.

Jason Gobat					Darren Atkinson
jgobat@whoi.edu					datkinson@clarku.edu
